# September 22, 2025
I think that working in a virtual store and get payd real money isint a grate idea for the futer of jobs al tho tring to play and experiens the fealing of working in a 9 to 5 real job like IKEA is a good idea but get pay for it. There is no point in having a co-worker/werker working in a vertual jobe  wene  people culd jut buy stuff of of the store webside or just drive to the store it self and buy what they want. You culd teach them how stof work, and what thing they are asind to do beafor geting the job, I just think that geting payd for "working" in a virtual store is a grate idea.
# September 15, 2025
My idea for an AI project is to create a Artificial Intelligence that can help you talk it  out with your personal fealings or sumthing in  your problems with life somthing that works like a therapy but in your phone without payng for a therapy.im not shure if this is an idea that meets the requirements for the chaleng.my idea was for the people in need of help to talk to someone but have no one or dont have the money or the time to talk to a therapy but they culd use the Artificial Intelligence in there phone with just saying its name kidnof like series.
# September 8, 2025
A careeer that i had in mind that computer science could be valuable is architectural engineers beacuse it recuiers to use the computer to analize and make shure to be build correctly.
# September 2, 2025
my thoughts on The new cell phone police are mixed, im well adjust to the new phone police but not beang abel to use my phone wene i finish my worck makes may day boring and exhausting, also students that can't use there phons to correct words that they can't right or spell making them dificult to understand. For sumone like me whos first langueg is'int english it gets dificult for me to right a word let alon a sentence but at the same time students get to focus more on school in sted of just waching there phons all day or cheating using AI. I have a feeling that it's a good idea to band phons in school beacuse of AI or not duing work but at the same time I have nothing to do wene I finish work and it's boring buting yore head down.
# Auguist 27, 2025
Today, I created my GitHub account and repository. I'm excited to start using GitHub for my projects!
